Advance Excel Assignment 5


1. How many types of conditions are available in conditional formatting on Excel?

ANS: There are five different types of conditional formatting in Excel. 
These types are- Highlight Cells Rules, Top and Bottom Rules, Data Bars, Color Scales, and Icon Sets.


2. How to insert border in Excel with Format Cells dialog?

ANS: Select one or more cells to which you'd like to add borders.
Open the Format Cells dialog box by doing one of the following:
Click the down arrow next to the Borders button, and then click More Borders at the bottom of the drop-down list.
Right click the selected cells and choose Format Cells… from the context menu.
Press Ctrl+1 shortcut.
In the Format Cells dialog box, switch to the Border tab and choose the line style and color first. 
And then, either use Presets to add the outside or inside borders or construct the desired border by selecting individual elements such as border top, bottom, right or left. 
The preview diagram will reflect the changes immediately.
When done, click OK.


3. How to Format Numbers as Currency in Excel?

ANS: On the Home tab, click the Dialog Box Launcher next to Number.
or: You can also press Ctrl+1 to open the Format Cells dialog box. 
In the Format Cells dialog box, in the Category list, click Currency or Accounting.
In the Symbol box, click the currency symbol that you want.


4. What are the steps to format numbers in Excel with the Percent style?

ANS:On the Home tab, in the Number group, click the icon next to Number to display the Format Cells dialog box.
In the Format Cells dialog box, in the Category list, click Percentage.
In the Decimal places box, enter the number of decimal places that you want to display.


5. What is a shortcut to merge two or more cells in excel?

ANS: To merge two or more cells, highlight them and then press the following keys at the same time: ALT H+M+M.


6. How do you use text commands in Excel?

ANS: Press Ctrl+1  to bring up the Format Cells dialog.
Select the format you want from the Number tab.
Select the Custom option,
The format code you want is now shown in the Type box. In this case, select everything from the Type box except the semicolon (;) and @ symbol.
Press Ctrl+C to copy the format code, then press Cancel to dismiss the Format Cells dialog.
Now, all you need to do is press Ctrl+V to paste the format code into your TEXT formula
